[Music]
hello my internet human pres I hope you
are doing great today two or three days
ago I my apartment she was the first
official visitor ever oh hey Romania
thank you thank you so obviously it's a
work in progress still have so many
things I need to ask your advice like
how would you set this apartment up
because I have everything here but I
couch so have a couch coming it's a
decent size but the studio live in you
know if you keep your bed and your desk
on this side as a guest
like walking in right this is all like a
living room right it's all public space
and that's your private oh right right
you guys like my air mattress just a
trick
you got to do things to make it to open
up the space because it's a great space
but once I start getting everything
unpacked it's definitely going to get a
little cluttered just got to be smart
about it all right what is your channel
what do you do my channels Raya was here
and I do travel and lifestyle you just
went to like the treehouse yeah I spent
a treehouse in the Republic and a
girlfriend in my two days no big job the
struggle of having a new apartment that
looks terrible and trying to film a
proper video so this what we're looking
at here we got a laundry basket put the
camera Joby gabrielle pariah with this
um painting just awkwardly
[Music]
hi today I am joined by we just got done
filming so over a riots Channel we
basically made a video about our
favorite travel app because we both
travel a lot I've been traveling a lot
recently
do you going to share with you her most
favorite outfit I had never heard before
and I was surprised by it because it's
actually amazing what is it yes so this
is Google Translate but which is love
you do those texts like type and wear
nil transited for you but this is the
coolest part of it is that you can if
you choose the camera option and you
there's a sign in another language you
can put your phone over it and it
literally well it just I mean it's not
always perfect but it's enough to like
see to it that sign was really a Spanish
and just live translate yeah it's crazy
to use for like menus and stuff when
you're so much honestly I feel like it's
magic I don't know how the future is now
future is now go check out res video it
was fun thanks for having me have yeah
we're so good to catch up with read-only
here we do the YouTube but it's also
cool to talk to someone who also kind of
does the youtuber long-distance
relationships texting I need to head out
into the world right now I have a
meeting anchor it's that awkward I
basically have my own 10 to 15 minute
radio show that I do every single day is
going to meet up with them and
packages and open a lot of don't know
down Kyle Bown that I am walking up
inside being your life I think
[Music]
I am now an anger issue you guys are
probably familiar with anchor it's like
it's audio app that I have been using a
lot recently have this my own radio show
every single day but I'm about to go
into this this this uh what would you
call this this is our very makeshift
recording I love it and we are going to
record something for what station it's
gonna be the rundown so right now I'm
the app it's the first station you hear
that give you all the news of the day
yes what state produces the most wool if
you know it call in with your answers
and if you don't google it and we will
see you tomorrow
perfect that's so good tomorrow alright
my Texas is coming out oh it is a hint
to the answer it's not a hint is the
answer yeah Texas quick pro tip I always
just put the answer in the caption with
you there you go there you go it was an
honor to be in your Amazon oh let me
know Oh
[Applause]
I am I'm the co-founder and CEO of anger
and I have been in New York for a very
long time because I grew up with him or
not New York City I drove my own but now
the anchor office is here with immense
cameras you see we're right here in
Madison Square Park and why are your
work in New York City pretty early we
know the first time I felt about what
yes how did you describe the app speaker
it's like making a podcast or radio show
but way easier more fun faster anyone to
do it yes I first learn in Wappingers
10d Kerry Boehner shut hop on and the
very beginning stages when you were n Z
1 steps arouses Microsoft and I'm a shoe
at self-assess and we have a
conversation about music and things in
general and then either circle off of oh
this is actually right change involves a
really cool app it's always been cool
but there's so many cool places that I
feel like it's going and so I've been
hopping on and doing it almost every
single night
which isn't exciting for me I was never
my favorite patient
I really loved let me Google that I like
politics explained
I like medicine remix yeah oh yes there
is reach but I I hear that every day and
this is a couple part of off anchor I
think is I just figured of peachy fans
every single day calling on my station
and actually hear their voices talking
to me whether it's like a
Sara enjoyed this video today or like I
have a question about life so we're
actually going to do an anchor right now
with Mike so this is my station it's
literally just my name but we're going
to go boy oh my favorite building
entire space I'm buildin Iona's like 70
degrees at everyone
you can have gorgeous of a day in it
[Music]
everyone talked about sample day in
other very important news I got in couch
it came yesterday
you like yeah I know I'm going to pick
up a lot of packages but my good fortune
has enough choose to go to my pew box so
I will probably get those tomorrow or
the next day I think I have a lot of
stuff there let me do a little bit of a
unboxing but honestly I have enough
stuff turning on my own like this is
only half of the stuff that I need a lot
to unbox this is your stuff that I like
orders on Amazon and stuff I need to
find a place in my apartment for book
this is a very important package and the
only one that I'm going to open right
now there is a very very talented
youtubers skater pro skater very
handsome human by the name of John mill
youtube.com slash John Hill Zoo he has a
clothing line called predict preferred s
preservatives progress day of progress
daily clothing calm and he sent me some
stuff and I need to show you off the
swag because this line that he just
dropped it's honestly gold I wish if
it's something that I wish I could
really sense the world and I admire him
for all the work that it took because I
know firsthand that he cared so much
about getting this clothing out in the
world and he loves with YouTube fans so
much I got so excited about this this
little Mont money sign and on the
sleeves
it says monetize your art I am so about
that a lot of you are filmmakers
photographers aspiring creative of some
sort and one of the hardest obstacles
that you're going to face is to figure
out a way if you want art creativity
doesn't always have to be your main gig
it can just be an expression of
you and something fun but if you want to
make art your job that is probably going
to be one of the most challenging things
that you ever do in life but it's
possible it is so possible and in the
world of 2017 I think it's more doable
than ever so fam hustle hard and
monetize your art yeah hope you guys
like what the prize this last time I
convert Weiss take the sighs like you
saw not tech beside touch a star must be
fair right yes matters like what the
price
Shawna's better Mason currently stars
singing operatically neighbors are
watching a blind yet this next article
clothing is something that I think I'll
have to put off to where just because
it's getting hot in the city but I am so
stoked to wear it out and about I wasn't
going to get this one until I tried on
John and I was like yo this is swag I
could rock this if it's dope bright
orange windbreaker with the progress
daily logo I dig this so hard it's so
great yep don't tell me this is not a
statement just thought you're
progressing on the daily hey at John
Hill tube thank you so much for the swag
I will proudly be rocking it if you want
to check it out good progress daily
clothing calm so you have two action
steps go check out the video I did with
Raya and also check out his story he has
so many things from Fox
- dad constant t-shirts he got
everything thank you so much for hanging
out with me today it's always a good day
when I'm hanging with the peachie fans
so if you like this that subscribe
button down below
if you are new to the channel new videos
every Monday through Friday
remember okay bye
[Music]
you know tell me you can go boy